Updates to Tanzu VS Docs (#2081)
pivotal/docs-tap: vs-extension/using-the-extension.hbs.md

2. Right-click the project node or any file node in the Solution Explorer.
3. Click **Tanzu: Delete Workload**.

> 4. If a workload.yaml exists somewhere in the project file structure, it will be used to delete the workload via `tanzu apps workload delete --file={workload_path} --yes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If a workload.yaml exists somewhere in the project file structure, the extension will use it to delete the workload via `tanzu apps workload delete --file={workload_path} --yes`
```

Reviewer 2: Applied suggestion after merging
